Deployment Documentation for Library Management System

Table of Contents:

Introduction
Prerequisites
Installation Steps
Step 1: Java Runtime Environment (JRE)
Step 2: Downloading the Application
Step 3: Compiling the Application (if not pre-compiled)
Step 4: Running the Application
Troubleshooting
Conclusion
1. Introduction:

This deployment documentation provides step-by-step instructions for installing and running the Library Management System application. The application is developed in Java and can be deployed on various platforms that support Java.

2. Prerequisites:

Before installing and running the application, ensure the following prerequisites are met:

Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is installed.
Access to the source code or a pre-compiled JAR file (if not pre-compiled).
3. Installation Steps:

Follow these steps to install and run the Library Management System:

Step 1: Java Runtime Environment (JRE):

Ensure that the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is installed on your system. You can download and install the JRE from the official Oracle website or use an open-source alternative like OpenJDK.

Step 2: Downloading the Application:

You can obtain the application in one of the following ways:

Download the pre-compiled JAR file if provided.
Clone the source code repository from GitHub or your preferred source code hosting platform.
Step 3: Compiling the Application (if not pre-compiled):

If you have obtained the source code and it needs to be compiled, follow these steps:

Open a terminal or command prompt.

Navigate to the root directory of the project where the source code is located.

Compile the source code using the Java compiler (javac). Example:

bash
Copy code
javac -d bin src/com/yourcompany/library/*.java
Compiled .class files will be placed in the bin directory.

Step 4: Running the Application:

To run the application, follow these steps:

Open a terminal or command prompt.

Navigate to the directory where the application's JAR file is located (if pre-compiled) or the root directory of the project.

Run the application using the java command. Example:

bash
Copy code
java -cp bin com.yourcompany.library.TestSystem
The application will start, and you can interact with it as demonstrated in the TestSystem class.

4. Troubleshooting:

If you encounter any issues during installation or running the application, refer to the troubleshooting section in the development documentation or seek assistance from the project's developers or support team.
5. Conclusion:

You have successfully installed and run the Library Management System application. If you have any questions or require further assistance, please refer to the provided user and development documentation or contact the application's support team.

This deployment documentation guide provides an overview of the installation process for the Library Management System application. Make sure to adapt the steps to the specifics of your project and provide additional guidance as needed.